so now we have the backbone exposed on this
side I'm going to flip the fish over and do
the same on the opposite side now don't worry
if you leave a little bit of meat on the back
because we'll get that later so what I want to
do again is go down to the backbone and while
i'm going along on my knife I want you to think of
having your knife and applying the pressure this
way as you go through so that's exactly what
i'm going to do along here is having a knife
going all the way down and just
gently do that watch your hand
you want to make sure that you follow all the
way along and then when I get to the end i'll
just turn it over and just trim it and so now
i have all of the bones as I showed you before
with the back one on each side I will scrape that
off after any time you come to where the fins are
you'll notice that there's bones inside as
well as the outside where the fin would be